Fix overriding of decorators (#148)
lundegaard/redux-tools: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - (_namespaces-react_): Inner decorators are no longer overridden by static namespace in `namespacedConnect`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (_namespaces-react_): Static namespace and feature in `namespacedConnect` is no longer passed down to inner components.
```
